---
title: Summer 2023
description: Summer 2023
---

## 420-731-AB: Summer 2023 Exam

## Related Technologies for Multiplatform Applications

This is a take-home exam due by midnight on June 24. It is worth 30% of
your grade for the course. You must submit the completed exam in Lea
prior to midnight on June 24. You will only be allowed to submit once
and no lates are permitted.

Please answer all questions using your own words. I am looking for your
thoughts and reflections on your learning as well as the details of the
specific technical content. Please do not leave any blank responses. If
you do not understand a question, you may request clarification via
Teams. I do not promise a response, but will clarify if possible in a
timely manner if possible and appropriate. If you are still confused by
a question, please indicate in words your interpretation of the question
and then answer that. This may receive partial to full marks, as
appropriate depending on the nature of the interpretation and the
quality of the resulting response.

This is not a closed-book exam. You are allowed to consult online
resources, but not discuss with other students in class nor with other
people. Please respect this and do not copy or plagiarise. Use of
ChatGPT or other AI tools is not permitted. I am seeking your own words,
not the words of others. So, do not cut-and-paste from the internet!

\"Your submitted work must be clear, complete, and YOUR OWN. You must be
prepared to explain any of your work to me in person. Failure to be able
to defend your work, or do a similar question in front of me in person
can/will void any grade you get on this test.

CHEATING / PLAGIARISM WILL RECEIVE AN AUTOMATIC 0% AND YOU WILL BE
REPORTED TO THE COLLEGE.

If you wish to provide a response to a question in your native language
[in addition to]{.underline} an English response, you may do so. This is
not instead of, but in addition to. If something is unclear in your
English response, I will use online translation tools to get a sense of
what you might not have been able to convey appropriately in English and
adjust the mark if appropriate.

Questions are worth a total of 30 points. 4 questions are worth 6 points
each and two are worth 3 points each. Rough size guidelines are
provided. But, quality is what is being marked, not quantity. Please
make sure to give a response that is thoughtful and well considered, and
that uses proper sentences. Short bullet-like notes with few details
will likely receive low marks.

Student Name
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Student ID
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Attestation: I affirm that the responses provided use my own words and
reflect the lessons I have learned in this course. Indicate "I, your
name, affirm":
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Question 1: In your own words, describe 3 main things that Compose
Multiplatform and Flutter have in common with their approach to
declarative UI. The focus here is on how they work at a higher level
rather than specific syntax. You may also draw links to React if you
wish. \[6 points, \~1/2 page/ three paragraphs\]

Question 2: In your own words, describe the differences between how
Kotlin Multiplatform and Flutter/Dart handle asynchronous operations.
This response should indicate both differences in conceptual approach
and in syntax. \[6 points, \~1/2 page, two paragraphs\]

Question 3: In your own words, describe how the Provider pattern works
together with a component-based UI. Give a simple coding example in
either Kotlin or Flutter showing how a Provider is added to the
component tree and then used by a component. \[6 points, \~1/3 page or 1
paragraph text plus examples\]

Question 4: In your own words, describe the Model-View-ViewModel
pattern. Discuss why the pattern is important. \[3 points. \~ 1/3 page,
2 paragraphs\]

Question 5: In your own words, discuss at least 3 lessons you learned
about configuration in this course. Describe these lessons in terms of
issues encountered and approaches learned to how to address those
issues. Don't just indicate a simple frustration. \[3 points, \~ 1/3
page, 3 paragraphs\]

Â­Question 6: In your own words, discuss 3 key syntactic similarities and
3 key syntactic differences between Kotlin/Compose and Flutter. Focus on
those parts of the languages that are not from Java per se. For each
similarity/difference, describe it using a couple sentences and also
provide small code snippets from **[both]{.underline}** languages (e.g.,
most may only be a single line, some may be longer as needed) that
specifically highlight the difference/similarity. \[6 points, \~ 1 page
including text and examples laid out so they are readable\]
